Add info on n8n-node CLI tool (#3505)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: _snippets/integrations/submit-community-node.md

When building a node to submit to the community node repository, use the following resources to make sure your node setup is correct:

> * n8n recommends using the [`n8n-node` CLI tool](/integrations/creating-nodes/build/n8n-node.md) to build and test your node, especially if you plan on [submitting your node for verification](/integrations/creating-nodes/deploy/submit-community-nodes.md#submit-your-node-for-verification-by-n8n). This ensures that your node has the correct structure and follows community node requirements. It also simplifies linting and testing.

Author: ```suggestion
* n8n recommends using the [`n8n-node` CLI tool](/integrations/creating-nodes/build/n8n-node.md) to build and test your node. This is particularly important if you plan on [submitting your node for verification](/integrations/creating-nodes/deploy/submit-community-nodes.md#submit-your-node-for-verification-by-n8n). This ensures that your node has the correct structure and follows community node requirements. It also simplifies linting and testing.
```

> * n8n recommends using the [`n8n-node` CLI tool](/integrations/creating-nodes/build/n8n-node.md) to build and test your node. This is particularly important if you plan on [submitting your node for verification](/integrations/creating-nodes/deploy/submit-community-nodes.md#submit-your-node-for-verification-by-n8n). This ensures that your node has the correct structure and follows community node requirements. It also simplifies linting and testing.

Author: ```suggestion
* n8n recommends using the [`n8n-node` CLI tool](/integrations/creating-nodes/build/n8n-node.md) to build and test your node. In particular, this is important if you plan on [submitting your node for verification](/integrations/creating-nodes/deploy/submit-community-nodes.md#submit-your-node-for-verification-by-n8n). This ensures that your node has the correct structure and follows community node requirements. It also simplifies linting and testing.
```
